A guy that runs Sequoia Capital now, his name is Doug Leone.
Yeah.
One day, I think it's a year, year and a half ago, Doug Leone says, your job sucks.
And I was like, what the hell is that me?
Like, this is like, you've got the worst job of any CEO in my portfolio.
And I said, tell me why, and this is what he said.
He says, well, let me, here's how I think about it.
First of all, you're a technology company.
And he thought we were a technology company.
I would say, at our heart, in many ways, we are a technology company.
And so you have all the challenges of all of my other portfolio companies.
But beyond that, you are in 190 countries.
And so you have to figure out how to be international.
We have to hire people in countries all over the world.
We're literally in every country in Europe, but
North Korea, everywhere in Syria and Cuba.
You're basically a payments company.
We handle billions of dollars through our system every year, and
we had to get money transmission licenses in the state of California.
So we actually are a payments company.
We have serious fraud and risk to warrant and
needs to be locked down like Fort Knox.
He said, that's usually where companies end.
But you've got to worry about all this other crap.
And he says, trust and safety.
We have 425,000 people staying in other people's beds in their sheets.
Think about a woman from Texas staying in the Middle East, or vice versa.
The cultural conflicts that could happen in misunderstandings.
And you have 425,000 people a night.
It's like being the mayor of Oakland.
Now imagine if you're the mayor of Oakland, all these things happen in Oakland tonight.
So you've got trust and safety.
Now we have regulatory problems.
We are in 34,000 cities.
Every city has a different law, different rules, and
many of them are written in a different century before you had any of this technology.
And so you've got to deal with that.
Then you've got issues like search and discovery.
So Google's got its brand about being really important about search.
The thing about search though is usually if I have a question,
Google could give me 40,000 results.
But it's probably clear that there's like one or two best options for everybody.
So if I want to know a question to an answer, there's usually one best answer.
We have 40,000 homes in Paris.
There is no best home in Paris for anybody in this room.
So we have to be really, really great at matching people and technology.
We have to be a company that's just another example.
Facebook, for example, is a digital product.
Their product is their website.
Our product are these experiences you have in the real world.
So we're not just an online product.
We have to be an offline product.
And we need to transition from when you're at in your app through cities.
And these are just some of the examples why technology, design.
So basically the long and the short of it is we have to be real class of technology.
We have to be real class of design.
We have to be real class at branding because we've got to convince people this
isn't crazy, you're not going to die when you use it.
We have to convince governments this is good for your neighborhood.
What happens the internet moves into your neighborhood?
That's what people call it.
It's a good thing, hopefully.
And you've got to make sure trust and
safety is really real class, that we handle all these payments and
not have problems with risk.
And I can kind of go through.
And this is not even to do with culture.
I didn't even mention culture.
So that's how I describe it, I think great companies or
companies are probably really strong at everything.
But we try to hire the very best engineers and
technical talent in the world and
I definitely don't see it as a marketing company.
Thank you.
Thank you guys.
Thank you.
